Langchain + Docs drafts (#167)
fixie-ai/fixie-sdk: docs/document-qa.md

# Document Question and Answering

## Overview

> One of the most popular use cases for LLMs is doing Q/A over a large corpus of unstructured data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most popular use cases for LLMs is doing question answering (Q/A) over a large corpus of unstructured data.
```

QA still may mean "quality assurance" for many people.

Fixie makes it possible to quickly build Q/A Agents by automatically crawling a set of developer-provided URLs, generating embeddings, chunking the data, and storing it inside of a Vector Database for efficient retrieval.

> To understand how to get started, let's look at a quick example of a [CodeShotAgent](/agents.md/#codeshotagent) that is designed to answer questions about Fixie:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, let's look at a simple [CodeShotAgent](/agents.md/#codeshotagent) that answers questions about Fixie:
```

```python
import fixieai

BASE_PROMPT = """I am a helpful assistant that can answer questions \
  about building on top of Fixie.ai. I try to be as concise as possible \
  in my answers while still effectively answering the question."""

URLS = [
    "https://docs.fixie.ai/*"
]

> DOCUMENTS = [fixieai.DocumentCorpus(urls=URLS)]

Reviewer: What would it mean to have multiple members of this array?

Author: Good question for @juberti

agent = fixieai.CodeShotAgent(BASE_PROMPT, [], DOCUMENTS, conversational=True)
```

You'll notice that we created a new variable, `URLS`, that contains an array of webpages that we would like Fixie to automatically crawl. Notice the `*` at the end of the Fixie docs URL. This tells Fixie that we want to not just crawl the single page, but we want to crawl **all** webpages found on that base URL (similar to how a search engine works).

Fixie also supports indexing individual pages, but the `*` can be useful when you have hundreds of pages that need to be ingested. If you need to exclude certain files (or types of files), see [Excluding documents during crawl](#excluding-documents-during-crawl).

> Note: By default, Fixie will crawl up to 1,000 documents for each wildcard URL. If you need more, [get in touch](mailto:hello@fixie.ai).

> Once we have our `URLS`, we instantiate a new `CodeShotAgent` with our `BASE_PROMPT`, an empty Few Shot array, a set of `DOCUMENTS` that point to our URLs, and whether we want a `conversational` Agent (conversational agents keep previus questions and answers in memory, so we recommend it for Q/A Agents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we have our `URLS`, we instantiate a new `CodeShotAgent` with our `BASE_PROMPT`, an empty Few Shot array, a set of `DOCUMENTS` that point to our URLs, and whether we want a `conversational` Agent (conversational agents keep previous questions and answers in memory, so we recommend it for Q/A Agents).
```

Author: I need a markdown editor with spelllcchheecckk

When a `DocumentCorpus` is provided, FewShots are optional (hence the empty array that we passed in). If you need FewShots, see [Using Fewshots with Docs](#using-fewshots-with-docs).

> Once ready, you can deploy your agent using `fixie deploy`. Note that depending on the size and number of documents, indexing can take some time. While indexing is in progress, your agent will deploy but will always return, `I'm still starting up. Please try again in a few minutes.` See [Monitoring Indexing Status](#monitoring-indexing-status) for more.

Reviewer: > can take some time.

Can we be a little more specific / give an order of magnitude? Minutes / hours / days?

Author: Unfortunately, I don't think so. It really depends.

Reviewer: Ok, then maybe we could say something like "seconds for 10s of pages; minutes for 100s of pages; hours for 1000s of pages"?

Author: Giving misleading answers feels worse than giving no answer. Once we have more data, I think we can circle back. For now, I'll add a sentence that says, "This could take upwards of a few hours for large data sets"

## Accessing Private URLs

In many cases, the set of documents that you want to access will be behind authentication. Fixie supports passing in a `Bearer` token with each request.

> To enable this, you'll define a new function that returns a token that will be passed in to the `Authorization` header as follows: `Authorization: Bearer {your_token}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this, you'll define a new function that returns a token that will be passed in to the `Authorization` HTTP header as follows: `Authorization: Bearer {your_token}`.
```

Here's an example:

```python
import fixieai

BASE_PROMPT = """I can answer questions from secret, non-public docs."""

URLS = [
    "https://private.myamazingsite.com/*"
]

def Auth():

>     return "12345"

Reviewer: Just to be super explicit, you could add a comment here saying something like:

```py
# This function results in Fixie making requests to my private site with HTTP header:
#     Authorization: Bearer 12345
```

CORPORA = [fixieai.DocumentCorpus(urls=URLS, auth_token_func="Auth")]
agent = fixieai.CodeShotAgent(BASE_PROMPT, [], CORPORA, conversational=True)
```

## Using Fewshots with Docs

> In most cases, we recommend not using FewShots for Q/A use cases, as Fixie will take care of things for you. That said, in some cases (e.g., combining with other functions, exerting more control, etc) you may wish to use FewShots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, you don't need to use FewShots with Docs. Fixie's automatic behavior will produce a Q/A agent that meets the general need.

However, there are some cases where you would want FewShots. For instance:
* Combining docs answers with other functions
* Exerting more control (??? over what?)

If using FewShots, you'll need to manually tell Fixie to query the corpus using the built-in `fixie_query_corpus` function.

> Here's an example for an Agent that was trained on the primary plot points from HBO's Silicon Valley:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example for an Agent that has access to docs about the primary plot points from HBO's Silicon Valley:
```

I don't think we want to say "trained" here, as it implies an actual model training run, which is not what we're doing.

Author: Yeah, I struggle with this one. Everyone understands training intuitively, but I agree it means a specific thing in ML world. Agreed with the change.

A: Gilfoyle was played by Martin Starr.
"""
```

## Excluding documents during crawl

There are some cases where you don't want Fixie to crawl certain wepages or types of webpages when using the `*` wildcard pattern. In order to do this, you can supply a set of `exclude_patterns`, which are an array of regular expressions:

```python
import fixieai

BASE_PROMPT = """I answer questions based on the supplied corpus"""

URLS = [
    "https://public.myamazingsite.com/*"
]

# Don't index any PDFs
EXCLUDE_PATTERNS = [
  "*.pdf",
]

CORPORA = [fixieai.DocumentCorpus(urls=URLS, exclude_patterns=EXCLUDE_PATTERNS)]
agent = fixieai.CodeShotAgent(BASE_PROMPT, [], CORPORA, conversational=True)
```

## Supported file types

| File Type | Extension                        |
| --------- | -------------------------------- |
| Documents | `.doc`, `.docx`, `.ppt`, `.pptx` |
| PDFs      | `.pdf`                           |
| Webpages  | `.html`                          |
| Text      | `.md`, `.txt`, `.rtf`,           |
| Email     | `.msg`, `.eml`                   |
| E-Books   | `.epub`                          |

## Monitoring Indexing Status

> For right now, you can check the indexing status of your Agent by asking it a question. Your agent will return `I'm still starting up. Please try again in a few minutes` if it's still indexing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For right now, you can check the indexing status of your Agent by asking it any question. Your agent will return `I'm still starting up. Please try again in a few minutes` if it's still indexing.
```

Here's an example for an Agent that has access to docs about the primary plot points from HBO's Silicon Valley:

```python
FEW_SHOTS = """
Q: Who was Gilfoyle played by?
Ask Func[fixie_query_corpus]: Who was Gilfoyle played by?
Func[fixie_query_corpus] says: Gilfoyle was played by Martin Starr.
A: Gilfoyle was played by Martin Starr.
"""
```

## Excluding documents during crawl

There are some cases where you don't want Fixie to crawl certain wepages or types of webpages when using the `*` wildcard pattern. In order to do this, you can supply a set of `exclude_patterns`, which are an array of regular expressions:

```python
import fixieai

BASE_PROMPT = """I answer questions based on the supplied corpus"""

URLS = [
    "https://public.myamazingsite.com/*"
]

# Don't index any PDFs
EXCLUDE_PATTERNS = [
  "*.pdf",
]

CORPORA = [fixieai.DocumentCorpus(urls=URLS, exclude_patterns=EXCLUDE_PATTERNS)]
agent = fixieai.CodeShotAgent(BASE_PROMPT, [], CORPORA, conversational=True)
```

## Supported file types

| File Type | Extension                        |
| --------- | -------------------------------- |

> | Documents | `.doc`, `.docx`, `.ppt`, `.pptx` |

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the docs!

Not sure if this is related, but when I tried to load `.doc` files, I got an error saying I need to install `libreoffice`. For mac it was through `brew install --cask libreoffice`, but I'm not sure if this works on the server already or not. Just thought to point it out.

# Document Question and Answering

## Overview

One of the most popular use cases for LLMs is doing question answering (Q/A) over a large corpus of unstructured data.

Fixie makes it possible to quickly build Q/A Agents by automatically crawling a set of developer-provided URLs, generating embeddings, chunking the data, and storing it inside of a Vector Database for efficient retrieval.

To get started, let's look at a simple [CodeShotAgent](/agents.md/#codeshotagent) that answers questions about Python:

```python
import fixieai

> BASE_PROMPT = """I am a helpful assistant that can answer questions \

Reviewer: per @hessamb, this is ignored, so we should omit it from the docs.

Reviewer: never mind; @juberti says we use the base prompt
